# 
\
20-1-2023\
By [Karen Attiah](../authors/1.md)


Karen Attiah is a 37-year-old social justice, women's rights, and opinion writer for The New York Times, BBC, and other outlets. She is the 2019 National Association of Black Journalists Journalist of the Year and an advocate for the rights of women and minorities. As an outspoken advocate for social justice, Attiah is tireless in her efforts to ensure that everyone is treated equally and that their voices are heard. In this article, we will celebrate the achievements of Jacinda Ardern, Andy Murray, and Jakub Kiwior, and the impact they have had on social justice and gender equality.


Jacinda Ardern has accomplished a great deal in her role as New Zealand's Prime Minister, becoming the youngest female leader in the world. She has been a strong advocate for social justice, women's rights, and progressive policies. She has championed the rights of the LGBTQ community, increased the minimum wage, and increased funding for public services. Ardern has also been a strong voice for the global fight against climate change, vowing to make New Zealand carbon neutral by 2050. Her leadership has been an inspiration to many, and she is a testament to the power of women in leadership roles.


Andy Murray is an inspirational figure in the world of tennis, having won three Grand Slam titles and achieved a world number one ranking. His success has been an inspiration to many and he has also used his platform to advocate for gender equality in the sport. He has worked to create a more equitable playing field for male and female athletes and has been a vocal supporter of equal prize money for both genders. He has also been a leader in the fight for equal pay for women athletes and has spoken out against sexism in sports.


Jakub Kiwior, a young entrepreneur from Poland, has achieved remarkable success in his short career. He is the founder of the company Eco-Friendly, which is devoted to creating sustainable solutions for businesses. He is also a strong advocate for sustainability, and has been involved in numerous initiatives to reduce waste and promote green energy. His commitment to sustainability has earned him recognition from the European Union as well as numerous awards from environmental organizations. He has also been featured in Forbes magazine for his work in the sustainability field. Jakub's success as a young entrepreneur and his commitment to sustainability are inspiring and demonstrate the power of young people to make a difference in the world.




